I have these interruptions, but they're not taken out of your argument.
They're just fine to worry about it. If you yield, they are taken out of your mind.
I didn't yield. It was under Couseria. I know he'll be rather uncomfortable.
The private worker was not taken out of your tent.
I know he may be rather uncomfortable, very distressed.
I know it was a problem because of my life, just for the sake of my life.
You have any points to make you worry about what you're thinking and not about how I feel.
That's like another one of my assignments.
Well, it was an interruption which was inappropriate because it did not adjust itself to the chair.
The chair has been reminding him of some time that the proper way it could adjust the chair.
So we'll just forget that.
Forget it. We'll not take it out of your time.
Never be happy. So I have to send him a mic.
What's the chairman of the startup plan?
The head secretary of the company, Mr. Simon, who is talking about getting in touch with the worker.
He is talking about getting in touch with Mr. Clipper in regard to the calling of workers.
The only reason the worker was being called was to give us information about who promote it,
who want our ability discharge, who gave special assignments to a fifth amendment coming.
Now, we find that there is nothing beyond the statement that will get in touch with Mr. Clipper,
which means of course, I think to the average individual that Mr. Simon had discussed
with Clipper with Mr. Steven before.
But when I'm before we don't know, we know that someone calls the chair and says,
now I'll talk to Mr. Clipper and you say, Clipper, who or Clipper's what?
It wasn't done here.
Clipper is incidentally a fact Clipper, who is the chief political advisor of President Truman.
At the time, we were most vigorously fighting my attempts to expose communists and last administration.
We now find that Mr. Simon can, and I can't say whether he's running for the presidency or not,
many papers say he is.
We find that that's no reflection upon him.
That's a right of any American.
We find that Mr. Clipper is also the advisor of Mr. Simon and without the knowledge of this committee,
the advisor of the Republican Secretary of the Army.
That makes it very important, Mr. Chairman, that we have him here.
But I would like to have him here for additional reasons.
I would like to rate from some of the experts Mr. Simon from the Watergate phone call from page 5299.
One of his findings is that, therefore, everybody in my opinion, maybe I should start to be an incentive scientist.
There's no question of politics at all.
There's no question of the integrity and fighting morale of the Army.
And I call the chair of the Central Lids and we're for everybody in my opinion,
where the concept of what is decent will break their back to help you in any way they can.
I don't suggest Mr. Simon's approach is back yet.
Going on to the next statement we find Mr. Chairman and Pair.
Pair 53 or 5.
This should be taken with the Chairman and the Commission with the monitor calls of Mr. Pair,
Prime Mr. Stevens, his article that he was perfectly willing to come down.
Then, here's the committee, the evidence we needed.
The very call, the monitor calls from this morning, I believe it was Mr. McCullough.
I also showed that Mr. Stevens was completely willing to come down and give the evidence we needed.
That is about communist infiltration, about both members of the loyalty board,
to a queer communist to go back to the radar laboratory.
We must take that as an action of this, say 53 or 5 again by Senator Simonton.
And this was after Senator Simonton had complained that there was a story and a Washington paper
that Mr. Stevens had agreed to come before the committee.
And again, keep in mind Mr. Chairman that all except one of the calls were originated by
Senator Simonton, not by Mr. Stevens.
He says this.
I ask very well that Mr. Stevens might come down and testify before our committee, give us information.
Once we are all agreed that we must have, he says if you and I are going to work together,
we have got to be on the table with each other.
So far, her told me he got it out of the Pentagon.
Now, so far, her got to the story apparently that Steven and Mike come down and testify.
So we find in Stunnington calling, saying let's keep it from the table, you can't testify,
I don't even know.
Further in the page, Mr. Chairman, we have a very interesting statement by the very chairman
of St. Christian Missouri.
He says if you are going to play with McCartley, you'll have to forget about any of these marquee of Queen's Berry rules.
Now, as a chairman of the marquee of Queen's Berry rules, I'd rule for fair fighting.
So, it provides that you must not hit the low of the belt.
You must not cheat. You must not lie. You must not lie.
So we have the St. Christian Missouri, who is advising with the political advisor for the Democratic Party thing
to the Secretary of the Army.
If you are going to work with McCartley, you must not play with McCartley, you must not forget about any of these marquee of Queen's Berry rules.
I might say a nice connection with Mr. Chairman. The St. Christian Missouri certainly is following that advice.
He has finally advised Republicans, and there's no question about this, but the sort of a phrase.
And page 2948, May 14th, the Adviathan Research Center, some Reduction Indicators, give some information.
The regard to early change was called the only plan for understanding from where planning is.
Mr. Chairman, this is getting so interesting that I wish I had an unlike committee at this time,
but I'd like to say that it is much to some direction that only I'd like to expect, has been a great plan and forthright was expected in his position.
And the problem involved with me thought about it, I think it only fair that the other members of this subcommittee who were interrogated or questioned or visited, or whatever he might call it,
Mr. Adams, also give their side of the position.
So you have the opportunity from Missouri, who is advising the Republican Association to understand and testify,
what they did in that way, and by avoiding the rule of fair fighting is that he is not born with the same rule.
Now I say that connection, the center from Missouri according to the times of March 21, 1954 at this time,
I think that some bearing of those that fit and have been advised in the session are not to provide for the rule of fair fighting,
so any time I'd invite Mr. Chairman, I'm making a point here, I think a personal privilege.
I am sitting here as the individual with a child, and I am finally to the members of my staff for a child to come to such a zoo,
as it does not result in the loss of their reputation that now I would like to make this point,
a personal privilege there is to do with throwing with the zoo,
it has to do with...
I'd like to say goodbye to your child's figures in a Roger County,
because you can get it over now if you have any financial pressure on the zoo,
and take you by the perfect Christmas period, you have to share a rule,
if you have a one-time civic honor for the Germanists,
that's a matter of how it is, how state-tabled, quite a bit of a personal privilege.
This is my fingers, the one-of-person privilege that I am now discussing with the committee.
The situation in which I personally find myself,
in which I finally do young man with two top man on my staff,
with one of the judges, the individual who has been forget of the judges,
who has gotten the top counsel of the Democratic Party to pull strings from behind the scenes,
and I would like to, if I may, proceed to this in front of the logic order
and give the complete picture of why I feel so strongly about this and why I feel
that Mr. Chilpe is the peanut-fourth wit and why other actions should be taken.
Mr. Samington, have you ever liked to say a response to a group of him?
I have, he had come to me, started from Missouri,
and after hearing he states he'll find a personal privilege,
he's not going to recognize the kind of privilege on a final personal privilege.
I certainly think the chair is true, I don't know, sort of, was very...
I was standing in the chair, I can't recognize him, I can't.
I finally saw a hear from Mr. Chairman of the New York Times,
and I said before not exactly my favorite subject.
I was right from 1954, right over the time,
and there was a question of the fact that President McCarthy would fly in the hearing
of a charge against my staff, of a closely-storing,
Senator Samington issued a statement holding that post the good name of the Sun for the State.
The post I feel confident he declared that some of them are badly,
does not want to appear in a triple role of accusing witnesses
of what a prosecutor in judge.
And therefore I anticipate that he will step off the subject committee
and have another Republican member of the former government operations committee
serve in his place, and certainly with confidence that a less-this was done.
Demonstration members have put the express to the parent committee
with some of the party also heads.
If the public in the insert and he's filing the triple role he declared,
I mean, filling the triple role he declared,
he will recommend the investigation you undertaken
to the Armed Services Committee,
then one of their former designing companies,
the member of that committee also,
and one of their three comments on the same tape of the next day,
some of their former signings and Democrats of Missouri,
as asked him whether McCarthy not be allowed to sit with the sub-comifix.
Now, the table recalls from his signings and took his song for this,
and also that I should not have been right to examine witnesses.
He said that would not be fair because he felt that Mr. Stevens was not as good a lawyer as I was.
That was publicizing all the papers.
Now, Mr. Carolyn, when we find that the soldier from Missouri is urging the Secretary of the Army
after the Secretary has told 200,
but he said that he still appears and gives us too many information.
Erging a number one not to appear and a number two,
urging him not to fight fair,
I just wonder if he feels he has qualified to sit as a member of this committee.
I might say a nice connection, I'm not sure,
and very wisely so I may just say something.
He felt that from the accuser should not also sit as judge,
but let's go to the further as we may miss the cannon.
Again, on page 53 or 6,
and again, this is a call made by Mr. Framington to Secretary Stevens.
Again, after the pair of Secretary Stevens might come to testify,
because Framington says this, the only thing I want to do is this.
Don't put me in a box by going up there to his day.
I would not go and I'll listen to this significant something.
We can throw the block in this thing.
Mr. Framington, following the Secretary,
saying don't look there,
folks we can throw the block in this thing.
Then I was curious to know how he felt to get through the block in this thing.
You reach further and you find out,
but with the Framington head in mind,
and page 53 or 6,
he says here are the rules we call truth,
and the terrible remember that we all lean over backwards
to what the number of facts had asked any rules of their self.
They needed...
...to help that a one-party committee was in,
why is he just here as a rule we call truth.
At that time, when I confronted their driving through those rules,
I thought they were coming back to help us by communist,
not to put through the blocks in this thing.
And this thing was the attempt to get the numbers of the old human world he boarded before,
and find out why they sent communist back to the radar laboratories,
coming as such as Coleman,
who was found and fits the serve by the new world he boarded for the last couple days.
What was the method?
Here's the statement from Framington.
He says he can't sustain a year.
Here are the rules we draw truth.
Here's the three democrat members of the committee.
Are unanimous in opposing a hearing.
Then the hearing will not be held,
unless the majority of the poor committee agrees to it.
Another significant problem.
Now I think, Framington's thinking,
now I think I've got it still that a majority of the poor committee will not agree to it.
Now how some of his signings didn't talk he had gotten the poor committee to agree to call off
the hearing of communism, I don't know.
I'm curious to hear him understand on that.
I don't think that he has succeeded in getting any Republican to agree with him on that.
If so, I would like to hear a vote.
Point of order Mr. Chairman.
Point of order.
Can I just finish with the chairman?
Yes, just a bit of time.
I am a hearing by that.
My colleague has been paying me all these races.
And I would just ask him if he would,
to read the whole paragraph for that part.
I'll be glad to.
In order that, what phrase would you like to say?
Senator at the bottom of page 506,
you say, now I think I've got it.
So that the majority of the poor committee will not agree to it.
Let me just read this now.
However, I just asked you not to make me look silly.
If you decide to go off before I get a vote.
That is one other.
I just heard it at the beginning, Mr. Ponyman.
He can't prevent us from going off.
Sure.
Now let's get this straight.
Further signings.
He can't subpoena you.
Here are the rules we drove through.
If the three Democratic members of the committee are unanimous in opposing a hearing,
then the hearing will not be held unless a majority of the poor committee agrees to it.
Are you read the next line?
What I'm asking you is, I said however,
I just asked you not to make me look silly.
The point being that we wanted to wait until we all are gone for that.
I'm so glad I faced all the charges and the worker testimony as he gave it to me.
And I say, if you decide to go up before I get back, that is 100% with me.
I will talk to them and tell them about it if it might make me look silly.
Senator Secretary of the Army, I'm not going to do that.
I'm not going to put you in any part.
The only thing is, I don't want him to unload or unload on me while I am gone.
The air is a little powerful because they're looking at me.
Let me...
One reason I read again is that you're no person about this thing taking out a convict.
I read a cancel of 10 a year that the planning can start talking to Steven
after the coup that Steven would come down and testify.
I namely give us a truth, the truth is we're entitled to.
If he can't defend you, that is an implied evidence.
I mean, correct, we can't defend him.
But what I get at here, he says, here are the rules we drove to.
It's a three-democratic number of the committee.
Our unanimous and opposing hearing.
Then the hearing will not be held unless the majority of the full committee is addressed to it.
Now, I think I've got it so that the majority of the full committee will not adhere to it.
Now, that's something I want to first and Mr. Sammington about on the rules.
Currently, he's fortunate that Senator Sammington wants me to read.
He says, however, I just ask you not to make me look silly.
That makes me look silly. He means to come down and testify.
Now, how does it make the Senator's Missouri look silly?
Is the Republican Secretary of the Army came down and told us about Mr. Cal,
Mr. Boy, what's the issue with him?
I mean, it's making my face a deep sense of buying.
And when he makes his face in that car, so I think I can make the point of order and plow by him.
Okay, good.
Now, the Secretary of the Army came in to see me and he was desperate about the situation with respect.
The General's record.
He knew that the next day I was going abroad.
I wanted to see this matter deferred until I got back.
And therefore, I said, after I read in the paper the next day, that he had asked to appear
when it was my understanding that he would ask no people from the Army of fear until I got back.
I said, don't make me look silly because it seemed to me that what he wanted to do was to wait until I got back.
I noticed that both Senator Dirkson and I, according to some of the testimony here,
were anxious to have the hearings deferred.
But if you have no certainty in I was, anxious to have the hearings deferred,
only until I returned.
And then I was very glad that the hearings should continue.
Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I know, Senator McCartney, my dear, Mr. Chair, it's just a concept.
Unfortunately, at the hour of the recess, the Chair has received the Sunday sign until he was recognized
in my new point of personal privilege.
And you are presenting every request to the Chair concerning the convening,
so that the Chair would recommend that you limit yourself now on your final personal privilege
to the minimum amount that you think is justified, or to your standpoint.
Mr. Chairman, I think this is the most important matter I think to come before the Committee in the 20th, 27th, 28th days since we started.
I have to visit from taking any time all day, except the military there.
And I will try and cut this down, but I do think this is the most important.
And I would like a decision from the Chair and certain matters before we get through.
As I started to say, Senator Simon can ask me to read,
how over I just asked you not to make me look silly,
by making you look silly as he means that it seems as if he's coming testify,
I have to make you look silly, I don't know.
He goes on to say, if you decide that you're up before I get back,
that is 100% with me, and I will talk to Mr. Solomon about it,
if it makes me look silly.
The Secretary then makes the promise he will not come up,
because I'm not going to do that.
I'm not going to put you in a box, the Army can first do this,
he has a hope on him, so I'm losing me, I'm going to go.
Mr. Chairman, the Secretary can wrote me,
for me he won't be present from Stephen Saptapai,
and an accordion of the usual rule of the Committee, I agree,
to follow up the hearings and to get back,
but that time, the current play is a priority with the footwork,
in order to progress to the point where we never did get back to the hearing,
but Mr. Chairman, here is the title of my thinkable significant quote.
I'm going to say 53 UN, people lying again,
some of their time they can just following the Secretary of the Army.
And I think this proves what I have often said,
namely, that Secretary Stephen's life, and he is a fine honest individual.
The businessman came down here, not a call,
appointed with the rather rough and sometimes very dirty underhanded politics,
but he was not the man who called on the hearings,
called off the exposure of conduct.
Mr. Femme can was asking him about their report on Mr. Cohn,
Mr. Shine, he had to say 53 UN, 53 UN,
if you follow the foot of the Army,
he does, he has to say, Stephen,
he says that personally,
I think that anything in that line with proof
is very much exaggerated.
That would be my opinion.
In other words, I think there is some talk around,
that has been very much exaggerated,
for anything that is there,
still quoting the Secretary.
He says, I am the Secretary,
and I have had some talks with the Committee of the Chairman of the Council on,
and by and large, as far as the people of me is concerned,
I have no personal complaint.
In other words, when he got after his record court,
then I'm holler.
But as far as I personally am concerned,
I don't have a lot of stuff,
so far as my contact with Joe,
or the Committee of Concerns, and the Court.
Now, with the Chairman,
the enviolously passed,
last we have approval here and beyond,
and a third venture of adept.
The Secretary, Stephen,
was willing to come up and pull off way to the Committee.
When he said, for like 24 hours,
roughly that before the charges were issued,
but there was really nothing to the charges,
and the Secretary's running them,
with part clover,
the Chief Political Advisor of the First Minister of Truman,
and I assume the Chief Political Advisor
of the man who would be present
with the Democratic Party in 1956,
is doing the adept thing,
so it's fine that the Affiliated of the Next day
was the length of the letter,
and it wasn't a matter of a day or two,
the charges were issued,
issued under the Secretary's name,
charging Mr. Cohn, Mr. Cohn myself,
with almost everything except murdering our great-great-grandmother.
We're fine here, Lord,
when he's talking to Stephen,
he says there's really nothing to it.
Now, for this reason,
Mr. Chairman, I have expressed that,
Mr. Cohn could be subdeated,
immediately,
so that we will know what far he played
in this more than his importance.
One, which, too,
and view the fact that Mr. Cymington
was active in telling the Republicans,
and I referred to page 2948,
that they should testify
if they knew anything.
The Republicans did that,
that Mr. Cymington should be subpoenaed,
if he refuses to object,
to honor that subpoenaed.
He has been talking about taking matters
to the Senate floor,
then I would suggest that we take this matter
and the Republicans will suggest it,
and see for there enough
the Senate will order him to give us a truth.
Now, that time, I will quote in detail,
all the statements made by Saint Desmonia Sturz.
When he told,
when he told about how everything had to be laid on the table,
and number three, Mr. Cymington.
Mr. Cymington should do exactly what I did.
He should disqualify himself,
because never before in the history
of this son of his father, I know,
have we had the man who instigated the charges
in search of him setting his judge?
Now, in closing, Mr. Cymington,
there are those who suggest
that I take this to the full committee,
and forceless Mr. Cymington off this committee.
I have the song we advise to do that,
and then take it to the Senate floor.
I have made no decision on that.
My President is in creation, however,
it is that we should leave it up
to the senator,
who, when he's onward,
will so active in calling on the hearing,
who will so thank Cymonia Sturz and ask him
to remove myself from the committee
and not even cross examine,
I can understand right now.
I think we should leave it up to him
to decide he's on conscience
so that he can honestly sit on this committee,
and, as a last word, Mr. Cymmon,
I think Mr. Cymington,
you should explain to the committee
why, when you sat in those executive sessions,
you did not tell us
that you were the man
who was calling Bob Cymons day after day,
and telling Bob Cymons we can block this thing,
I've got the committee fixed,
and I've told Bob Cymons
before that committee.
I think that's something we're entitled to,
and I think Mr. Cymington,
we're entitled to it not
for you to sit behind the table.
I think we're entitled to that on the witness stand,
and I think tonight,
I think tonight, with him,
the next one minute,
you should tell the American people
whether you are willing to raise your right hand,
as I and the other Republicans have done,
and take the witness stand,
and be cross-examined,
as we have been cross-examined,
or whether your statement's there
after day that you wanted to be,
all the facts brought out,
but the chips fall where they may,
that we were satisfied
with some of the chips where they're hit by him.
Sharon is silent,
and Sunday's silent,
and he wants to be recognized
and to find a personal privilege,
and he will still recognize him
as this time's indecency.
Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.
There was some poised thought out by the
junior senator from Wisconsin.
First,
faced on some of the statements he made,
some of which were incorrect.
I think it should be proper to put into the record
that Mr. Clifford left the government
and became a private attorney,
and I believe January 1950,
over four years ago.
And, Mr. Chairman,
the distinguished junior senator from Wisconsin,
made some remark about
Mark Wiss of Queenbury rules,
implying that I was suggesting
the Secretary's statement,
that he should not use rules
that were decent and right and fair,
as I remember his statement.
Nothing could have been further from my mind.
My suggestion to Secretary Steve was
that he better look out,
because if he got in the scrap,
he might find that the junior senator from Wisconsin
would not use rules which were decent and right or fair.
And I just ask,
on things that I have seen as a member of this committee,
and also,
on the caretaker of 1952 in Missouri,
I had no idea
when this Republican cabinet member came to me,
and asked for help because he told me of the Army's problem,
I had no idea
that we would be here today,
nor did he,
but the record stands,
and I stand behind it.
As I said before, my chief interest,
based on what was said to me.